“Do not worry about your difficulties in mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.” – Albert Einstein
“The study of mathematics, like the Nile, begins in minuteness but ends in magnificence.” – Charles Caleb Colton
“Without mathematics, there’s nothing you can do. Everything around you is mathematics. Everything around you is numbers.” – Shakuntala Devi
“In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.” – Georg Ferdinand Ludwig Philipp Cantor
“The only way to learn mathematics is to do mathematics.” – Paul Halmos
“Obvious is the most dangerous word in mathematics.” – Eric Temple Bell
“Mathematics is the music of reason.” – James Joseph Sylvester  
“You don’t have to be a mathematician to have a feel for numbers.” – John Forbes Nash, Jr.
“Life is a math equation. In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert negatives into positives.” – Anonymous
“Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.” – Mickey Mouse
“It is clear that the chief end of mathematical study must be to make the students think.” – John Wesley Young
“One of the endlessly alluring aspects of mathematics is that its thorniest paradoxes have a way of blooming into beautiful theories.” – Philip J Davis
“Go down deep enough into anything and you will find mathematics.” – Dean Schlicter
“Just because we can’t find a solution it doesn’t mean that there isn’t one.” – Andrew Wiles
“Mathematics is the gate and key to science.” – Roger Bacon
“Mathematics is not about numbers, equations, computations, or algorithms: it is about understanding.” – William Paul Thurston
“There should be no such thing as boring mathematics.” – Edsger DijkstraQuotes are a good way to motivate and inspire, so I've compiled 25 inspirational math quotes for the classroom. Share them with your students today!
“Nature is written in mathematical language.” – Galileo Galilei
“Mathematics is a language.” – Josiah Willard Gibbs
“Mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.” – Albert Einstein
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.” – Dr. Seuss
“It’s fine to work on any problem, so long as it generates interesting mathematics along the way – even if you don’t solve it at the end of the day.” – Andrew Wiles
“If you stop at general math, then you will only make general money.” – Snoop Dogg
“Mathematics is the most beautiful and most powerful creation of the human spirit.” – Stefan Banach
“Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton asked why.” – Bernard Baruch